So I'm going to talk about what this product is and I just find it easier to talk by voice. So the idea is that the app is called Crosscheck because it's a platform where Christians can share resources and one allow other users to share their resources. Sharing resources happens through like a notice board. Someone can pin a notice on the notice board and be like, "Hey, I'm trying to read the book of John. Does anyone have any helpful resources for it?" And people can then upload resources. So that way, I guess it's like a digital library, but part of the digital library is that you can also have comment threads on this digital resources. But I guess it's important that we don't want this service to strictly be for Christians because what if this software does really well and we can make the target audience more than just church specific. So I guess from a technical viewpoint, we want to avoid using phrases, or terms in the code variables to be Christian specific. But maybe it should just be a platform for communities to socialize about resources. I can see that I'm struggling to have a catchy phrase or a good elevator pitch. So I want you as the AI to help me achieve that really well. After users upload resources, first the nature of the resource can be very broad. It can be video, it can be books, it can be articles, it can be sermons. If you see this in the form of a digital library, I guess it's really cool they can also use AI like vector embeddings to have very powerful semantic searching on comments that I've made in the past or semantic searching on themes or genres. I guess for comments it's really powerful because you could have vector embeddings for every comment you've posted and if you ever want to recall a comment that you wrote a long long time ago, you could just search for key words or phrases that have certain meanings to match up on that. I guess it's also cool that through the digital library you can open up a resource and there you can have like comment threads and through there in the comment threads people can interact. They can discuss the theology of an article or a resource and have deeper discussions of whether they agree or disagree and the articles themselves. Can have like an upvote / downvote. I don't necessarily want to call it upvote and downvote but it's just a form where people can either back the resource or disapprove of the resource. So that way when you're coming across a resource on this digital library you can see who you can trust this resource because it has been cross checked. Note that's the name of the platform it's called cross check. It's been cross checked by other people in your congregation. I think it's really cool that this allows for an engagement on the consumption of digital resources. I think this is a key point. It improves the Christian experience on consuming resources because the platform can really be extended to whatever the Christian finds helpful. Like for example, maybe people can upload their individual personal notes. Let's say the resource is a sermon, then the user can upload their notes in the form of PDF or Markdown and other people can read the notes and yeah, perhaps it adds interactivity and collaboration. Another cool idea which I had, which I guess is feature specific, is what if the sermon was a video. People could leave virtual digital timestamps of notes. So let's say at 10 minutes, 32 seconds, a user left a note saying, "Wow, I found what was said here really profound. It made me think about blah." I think features like this really shape the way Christians can consume resources. Yeah, I think in terms of monetization, I guess this official product description document, maybe it's called the product specification document, can talk about monetizing. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, monetizing could be through big corporations or big organizations like KCC, perhaps doing like advertisement banners on the home dashboard. Sorry, I mean the homepage. And that way they can pay me a certain amount or it can be through churches that pay for the subscription of the members to the service. Yeah. There are many, many cool things. Yeah.

# Feedback for the Elevator Pitch
So in the elevator pitch, the first paragraph, I know it says that, yeah, there is resource sharing with community-driven validation and AI powered semantic search. I feel like AI powered semantic search is such a feature-specific thing, so it's not really appropriate to be put in the elevator pitch. Maybe, I'm not sure how, you would think about incorporating the AI powered benefits, or maybe it's more so, what does the AI powered benefits aim to achieve? I guess it's about being able to efficiently find digital content with powerful AI filtering searching. I don't know, I need your help. So in the elevator pitch, yeah, I think to use the phrase AI powered semantic search, saying library platform that combines resource sharing with community-driven validation, and AI powered semantic search, I feel like AI powered semantic search is a very feature-specific thing. So I don't think you should say it that specifically, because the elevator pitch should be general to what the product aims to achieve. So perhaps, would you say something like, with AI empowered tooling to filter through digital content? I guess the digital content could be like your own comments, other people's comments, your notes, like searching through resources where you can match keywords and key meanings, but you can search for a certain phrase and the system is able to return back a sermon that relates most to what you're looking for.

While it's true that one of the core pain points or unmet need for which the product addresses is that communities struggle to share these resources while promoting meaningful engagement and discussion, I think you can also frame it in a way that sometimes meaningful engagement and discussions do happen. But they might be often through in-person verbal conversations and in-person verbal conversations get lost. But I guess having a digital platform through which people can engage and discuss with these things creates an ongoing discussion. One that at any time you could refer back to. Yeah, I guess I like the wording of scattered channels. Yeah, one of those scattered channels is verbal conversations. Like someone might be telling me, Oh, I really liked this book. Yeah, Kinsey, this book is really good for you. But I think having it in a digital record through the system allows other people to discover it as a good resource too. I guess it's a digital preservation of resources too. So like for Bible study, maybe not Bible study, but let's just say for ministries like they might be able to add resources that are helpful for teaching and learning. So like attach their own personal notes to that. People can comment on the threads. People can discuss certain parts that they may disagree with the point of teaching. What people may reflect on what they found good about the teaching, et cetera.

I guess the debate is what the problem is, is the problem that communities are lacking validation mechanisms. I don't think so because actually maybe, maybe, maybe communities are lacking validation mechanisms. Yeah, I was also particularly encouraged by a friend who tried to show me a different view on predestination in terms of a Calvinist or non-Calvinist view on predestination. So I guess, I'm not sure if that's part of the problem but yeah, in this part I'm focusing on the question why is this problem significant. Yeah, but I guess digital presence is part of the problem maybe is that yeah discipleship often occurs through one-to-ones or being close to certain people and having those deeper chats but I guess this digital platform makes it into a broader engagement across the congregation as a whole to shape the learnings of the congregation as a whole and to foster that engagement that's not just between one person to another but groups of people. I guess one concern is that it could foster divisions or factions as people have certain stances on certain things. I know but that doesn't necessarily mean the products is not good or the products that there is not a good idea but I guess it's just maybe in a more general sense it's not just it can be generalized not in a community validation but I guess it's revolutionizing how Christians consume digital content maybe that could be that could be it that could be the summary of what this product really is it's about changing the way we consume digital resources yeah for community groups something like that and as part of changing the way we consume digital resources it's validating these resources or it's preserving the conversations on these resources or it's allowing quick access to find resources

Maybe this section on what is crosscheck, the current version is too specific on features like it talks about if featuring a digital notice board. Yeah, engage in contextual discussions through comment threads. Hmm, yeah. I'm not sure if that should be part of what is crosscheck because is that too feature specific? Maybe it's fine. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe that's an okay thing to do. Yeah, but I'm not sure if that answers well. What is crosscheck? I guess the next question, how does it solve the problem? I guess that's where you may go into features. Yeah. Yeah, help me to based on these feedback that given you also rewrite what core value does it deliver? Yeah, maybe we can also get rid of the target market for now. Get rid of business model to I think that can come later to get rid of go to market strategy as well. Maybe we want to focus on just what the product is. The part about because I'm pitching this to my pastor, I'm not necessarily trying to look for an investment. Yeah, for now, it's just more so capturing what the product is. Yeah.